General api overhaul (#324)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast_geography.md

whose estimate is being reported. Estimates are available for several possible
`geo_type`s:

> * `county`: The county's five-digit [FIPS
>   code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIPS_county_code) reports County-level estimates . All FIPS codes are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `county`: County-level estimates are labeled with the county's five-digit [FIPS
  code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FIPS_county_code). All FIPS codes are
```

  Washington, D.C. is available as state `dc`.
  * `nation`: accepted values are the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 [country codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2). Currently the only nation we have data on is `us`.

Some signals are not available for all `geo_type`s since they may be reported

> by their original sources with different aggregation levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by their original sources at geographic resolutions which are too coarse.
```

## Small Sample Sizes and "Megacounties"

Most sources do not report the same amount of data for every county; for

> example, the survey sources rely on survey responses each day. Many counties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, since the survey sources rely on survey responses submitted each day, counties with small populations 
```

code `36000`, since `36` is the FIPS code prefix for New York.

These megacounty estimates are used on our COVIDcast map and in the county maps
produced by our [API clients](covidcast_clients.md), to color in state backgrounds and graphically represent the "rest of" states whose counties are not
all individually reported.

**Warning:** As sample sizes vary from day to day, the counties composing the
megacounty can vary daily; the geographic area covered by the megacounty is
simply the state minus the counties reported for that day. The megacounty

> construction also depends on the specific source and signal. On one day,
> megacounty `36000` can cover a different geographic area for the `doctor-visits`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
construction also depends on the specific source and signal. For example, on one day,
megacounty `36000` may cover a different geographic area for the `doctor-visits`
```
